Fix mobile scrollburglar (#2448)
r-lib/pkgdown: NEWS.md

# pkgdown (development version)

> * The mobile version of pkgdown sites no longer has a scrollburglar (a small small amount of vertical scroll) (#2179).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The mobile version of pkgdown sites no longer has a scrollburglar (a small small amount of horizontal scroll) (#2179, @netique).
```
